Improve gpg setup instructions (#832)
EmbedITCZ/jbehave-support: docs/Release.md

mvn release:clean release:prepare -Prelease
mvn release:perform -Prelease
```

---

> >_Note_: The gpg agent should ask for the passphrase to your gpg key automatically, in case that does not happen you can try adding similar property to the `<properties>` section:   

Author: ```suggestion
>_Note_: The gpg agent should ask for the passphrase to your gpg key automatically, in case that does not happen you can try to add property to the `<properties>` section:   
```
